all anybody's interested in today to to
an extreme I it's not the same but one
there's only been four SAS IPOs since
2021 there's only been four one was one
stream which is a platform for CFOs and
they're about 600 million they IPO to
500 million and it was very interesting
to me the founder Co said and and that
they're being very cautious on AI the
CFOs don't want it they don't trust it
they don't want any
hallucinations at the same time there's
been machine learning in AI there since
since I don't know since the 60s
probably right yeah so what is AI in
banking and banking is a Service banks
are generally interested but scared I
don't know anyone who's using anything
at any interesting scale the fex one the
thing the banks are scared about is that
they're become AI agents which treat the
banks as a commodity the banks love this
long-term relationship with the end user
right with the consumer they really like
that and what if you just had an app
that rebalanced your bank accounts every
day and there was just your credit card
just work magically to pull money from
whatever account it needed to they
terrified so welcome everybody in the
global saster Community have uh a good
friend an OG part of saster here
Christine from treasury Prime there are
a few folks we're going to talk about a
bunch of things related to Bass banking
as a service fintech where we're going
what happened to my money at Silicon
Valley Bank could things blow up on us
where AI is is in more conservative
parts of the world but Chris has been
doing this has been doing hardcore
banking as a service since before
anybody knew what this was it's his
second startup doing it the first was
bought by Silicon Valley Bank in the
early days now he's got a YB company
that's raised over $50 million that has
many top Banks and fintechs in a
Marketplace for them and we'll get into
that but Chris thanks thank you so much
for joining us thanks yeah I love saster
here's my only saster swag I still have
the fidget spinner it's a fidget spinner
I love mine too that is that is AIC it's
classic okay I want to talk about some
stuff and also I want to talk about a
little bit about stuff that has blown up
in the space this whole evolv synapse
thing it's pretty nerdy for most people
but about a100 million of folks that
deposited money in startups Still
Remains at large doesn't it do we do we
know where this money is it's it's still
unresolved right it's it's unresolved
yeah this is crazy different parties
will say oh it's it's over there but
it's always on someone else's room right
it's never my room it's someone else's
room and it's just pointing fingures
pointing at other no no one knows where
it is I assume there's some level of Mal
fees ins there but I bet it's really
small someone stole some money but just
tiny up mostly it's just reconciliation
is hard to make sure that books balance
it's hard it's really hard and they
didn't do it for a long time yes and it
just leaked
out so let's talk about this for a
minute so give us some context in in in
a corner of the fintech world this is a
big deal but most people haven't heard
about it um and I'll probably get it
wrong but synapse was attempting to be a
tool for fintax to enable banking on
their platform especially for some
low-end products some consumer products
and evolve was their bank right a real
Bank a chartered FDIC Chartered Bank
correct me if I'm wrong and synapse
couldn't keep track of its money it got
over its skis by almost $100 million
and no one knows where a lot of this
money is right is is this a summary and
like where is and then tell me the
summary and tell me where the hell is
any of our money
anyway yeah
so synaps was pretty much the ogus
banking as a service company they have
an API where you can say I want to open
a bank account and then you can do that
there are rules about how you could open
it but you could open it then say I want
to send a wire or I want to issue a
debit card stuff like that you can do
all that stuff and they managed it
and in our my world we those are called
program managers basically they want to
pretend to be a bank but they're not a
bank they need a bank buddy they need a
partner so they got evolved which was
it's like you said it's it's an FDIC
Bank pretty much every bank's an FDIC
bank it's Tech its main regulator is the
US Federal Reserve the FED but basically
overtime evolve and synapse didn't like
each other they fought constantly and
eventually synaps the software company
the program manager started to add other
Banks and they added two three Banks and
they moved money around between them
pretty indiscriminately in ways that I
would say this is not my real legally
it's not my field but seemed fairly
illegal to me and so what's happening
now is like One Bank says I don't know
where it is it must be over that other
bank and the other bank says no I don't
have it it must be with you and you saw
let's look at the ledgers let's look at
the books they're a mess because synapse
was always a mess and they went bankrupt
yeah I looked at purchasing them and I
backed slowly away what's I hoping
hoping the come outa I was like ah no
thank you where's the money really
though if it's in a bag it's fine but a
lot of stuff aren't bags evolve for all
it trouble is actually an okay bag but
also I could have said the same thing
about svb right svb I worked there for a
couple years I ran their fintech group
there for a while yeah it seemed
completely solid and ready they were
constantly fighting with the regulators
and at some point they just got over
their skis the they were relying on
certain uh deposit interest rates they
were relying on people like you and me
to keep our money there and never move
it and the interest rates were down they
couldn't pay the yield that they needed
to pay and people like you and I maybe
not you and I but people like us mooved
their money and all of a sudden there
was no money there and whatever else is
true whatever competent or incompetent
thing svb did yeah you cannot run a m
you cannot run a bank without deposits
that is the whole Bank business you buy
and you sell money I buy money and take
deposits I sell money in terms of loans
and I make money on the difference
that's how you do it if you have no
money you have no deposits can't make
any money yeah that moment um there's
some there is there some saying it may
be that I made it up but if you do start
up long enough there's a Black Swan
event every four to five years right
yeah yeah so for our little tiny team at
saster March 2020 was one we lost $10
million when we cancel saster annual and
the other one was we had $10 million at
svv and we woke up and we log in and
zeros I was still I couldn't it's zeros
so horrible so I want to ask I want to
ask about all of that for a minute and
then go into the future but before we
get there does does does is my money
anywhere like how does this Ledger
system exist is I had 10 million dollars
at svb and then it's zero okay let's put
aside FDI insurance and other questions
but where the hell is my my money svb
loaned it out
so are these are there main frames in
the cloud that know where every does
this money even exist this is where I
get confused right I sold I tell you
when I sold my second company to Adobe I
was terrified to even wire the money
anywhere I'd never had that much money
before and I'm like what if it goes to
the wrong place what if it disappears
and I put it in Vanguard because and
today I would put in Wells Fargo because
I'm like at least I think Vanguard will
survive I didn't even know where to put
that much money how does this Ledger
really work so people think two wrong
things about Banks generally is they
think banks are very sure and know what
they're doing about they don't bank
secure bank secure is like not very
secure and the other is that they that
your money just sitting there in a big
Vault somewhere whether it's like in
dollars physical dollars or there's a
bits in a computer somewhere but that's
not how our banking system works
basically no banking system works like
that it's fractional banking yeah it's
like that It's a Wonderful Life movie
where like your money is in the where's
my deposits it's in the it's in the
mortgage that I gave so and so to build
their house so it's in their house and
they're paying it off so if you had $10
million at SCV likely 9 million of it
was out somewhere and so all of a sudden
when everyone pulls their money out
normally there's just a little bit of
money movement they can handle by having
enough Reserve they have a little buffer
but if all the money if the buffer
disappears they're screwed like where
does their money go then they have to
call the government and say yeah we're
stuck right call some bigger bank and
say we're stuck okay listen I don't want
to spend all the time on this but just
to be my money therapist when Adobe
wired me a big check back in the day to
Vanguard did it really wire money here's
where I get confused did money change
hands did actual money what the hell
happened when that $510 I don't care
right but when it's your life sa when
it's your Big
Win what actually happened with those
proceeds so it's Turtles all the way
down there's like stacks of things
recursively stacked on top of each other
yeah at the bottom of this the stable
BAS is the US Federal Reserve Bank every
US Bank US commercially Chartered Bank
would say like what 4,200 right now has
an account at the FED roughly you can
think that an account number it's like
the routing number it's not exactly
right it's mostly right okay so an
entire Banks all their funds all their
billions of dollars will be in that one
bank account at the US Federal Reserve
when you send a wire what happens is
there's a Fed wire protocol
which moves that many dollars from the
account of JP Morgan to the account of
Vanguard you know there's all sorts of
extra little metadata stuff that says by
the way that's Jas some money don't lose
it right and then it's up to Vanguard to
increment your balance properly but
that's how it mes it's all electronic
it's all in the cloud like he said got
it so the meta Ledger is guaranteed by
the FED for the banks all right and then
the individ this maybe this is part of
our evolving synaps got in trouble the
individual account holders the
individual accounts it's up to the bank
or the non I don't think vanguards a
bank the non-bank to keep track of that
and that's where you can go Ary right
but the FED is gu keeps track of the
total amount for for each of these
actors yeah that's right let's fix Wells
right they Wells has say $500 billion I
don't know if that's right but like they
have an account at the FED actually it's
probably for across 20 accounts but it's
for 10 it's one accounts that's their
money right yes it's it doesn't have 500
billion in there because that's just
their total they it has maybe 100
billion in there because they've loaned
out the rest s to somebody else for sure
and they have a core banking system
which is basically just a ledger it's a
database that says okay Jason has a
dollar Chris has $2 Jack has $7 etc etc
and it's up to the bank WS Fargo to make
sure that the number that's at the FED
matches the sum of all the numbers on
their bank accounts yes and that act and
making sure those are the same is called
reconciliation and if those are the same
everyone's happy the book's balot it's
just regular people like the Cy
I can tell you every day at all the
banks I work with every single day
there's a person who has to do something
to reconcile those books it it is hard
every day every day they Recon every day
they're reconciled treasury primes
unusual it's the banks don't really love
us for this either is that we reconcile
24 hours a day every hour and we try
really hard to do that we were off once
by was any more was like 10 20K $1,000
yeah and we we we're attached to 10
billion so 20,000 it's rounding there I
I had heart attack ah what's going on
and of course one of my one of my folks
said oh we found it and they fixed it it
was fine okay it was all hands- on deck
for I don't know five or six hours so
you're checking it hourly once in the
almost decade long history of the
company you found a reconcil a 10K or or
five figure Delta and you tracked it
down and addressed it yeah yeah yeah
that's right and often these things are
fine sometimes it's just timing you send
a wire you want the wire to work
instantly like it does in the movies it
doesn't work like that yeah it goes to
someone's desk if it's a big enough
number like from Adobe that they'll have
to call and approve it nobody will the
bank will look at a person will look at
a big enough number to say yeah we got
to look at that that all takes time and
sometimes you'll say I think I have an
extra dollar in the account but it
hasn't actually been wired yet and so
just you just wait and that handles
reconciliation but you can't do that you
can't just hope that it'll be better in
the future you have to say if it's not
good in an hour then something's bad or
if it's not good in a day then
something's
wrong okay so for anyone that wants a
platform treasure prim's only had one
issue since Inception for 10K and
Reconciliation was solved that day right
that's the track record across 10
billion deposits right yeah sometimes we
argue with the banks about they say your
software is wrong and I'm like I doubt
that but then there's a big hella blue
but there's not I don't think we ever
find anything serious okay so let me ask
the other end of the spectrum let me ask
the question that I think is under been
under discussed on in all the Articles
okay let's talk about some products
which I use and enjoy using okay I'm
going to pick three brex Mercury and
China couple questions what if they went
bankrupt tomorrow it's not going to
happen but imagine they went bankrupt
tomorrow what would happen to the assets
there the most likely thing that will
happen not guaranteed the most likely
thing that will happen is that none of
those are banks those are all me Bank
they're not Banks they're not none of
them are that's the thing but a lot of
people think they're Bank Banks don't
they ch ch became super clear we're not
a bank when people started doing this a
year ago I remember right but we use
brex and Mercury every day right they're
very easy to use they're very easy to
use yeah the ux is amazing and Banks ux
is generally terrible terrible I my
corporate Accounts at Wells a Wells and
I use it all the time it's bad s for
what we want to do right more quickly
but I think most people think brex and
Mercury Are banks no matter what their
website says I think they treat them as
Banks I think they're marketed as Banks
I think when bre said move your svb
dollars over to us it felt like a bank
right and there's a convenience there
but svb was also for folks that have
been in tech for a while especially
folks doing like cosos and VCS svb was
super convenient too we paid the price
right we almost lost everything we
almost lost everything it's not going to
happen but so I'm picking three leaders
that won't go under rather than a
sinnaps right but if bre Mercury or
chime which would not go under if they
did tomorrow with no notice what would
happen we've got like 3 million at brex
I don't know what at Mercury what would
happen to my money in theory and this is
most likely what would happen is brex
goes under the bank still has it and
there are two Banks there column 53d 53d
is a big giant Bank in the midwest the
bank would say we need a copy of
everyone's balance they need to know Lin
balance or saster balance right and then
they would say up you got three million
they would write you a check for $3
million and they not a joke would
probably put it in the mail and send it
to you and hope that they eventually get
to you um that's in theory what would
happen that's what was supposed to
happen at synap and of all but they went
to the books that synaps The Ledger said
what had and no one they said you said
it has $3 million it's not $3 million
here yeah so what do you do so as long
as everyone's a good actor it's fine and
that's the most likely case because
actually brex and Mercury are and chime
are all very well run yeah like used to
be have the best by far best Neo Bank
they've changed how they do it but they
used to by far have the best one best
design okay last nerdy question then I
want to I still want to stay nerdy but I
want to abstract up one level right
we'll see if you agree with me after all
this would you put 100% of your own
money in a
non-ip I wouldn't put it in one but I
wouldn't do that anyway it's like all
about the backup I wouldn't put all my
money now you'd have multiple maybe
that's the right question you would have
multiple Banks I always have multiple
Banks it's funny on my on the treasury
Prime business yeah every single one of
our big clients has multiple Banks and
if you use your examples bre has at
least two the technically I think might
have three but at least two Mercury's at
three they still have stuff at EV all if
I remember right and China they're two
they are two BS everyone has multiple
not only for the we're scared that
they're going to the banks going to clap
reasonably but also so they just
economic so they can say to bank a I'm
getting a better deal Bank B I'm going
to start moving more in my stuff over
there and then B A says all right
pricing pressure we'll make a deal for
you and that works
and did and that has accelerated TR did
people pre svb always have two Banks or
is that accelerated since the svb first
Republic so the big people have always
had multiple Banks it just moved that
big number down so a lot more people
have it right it used to be like you
needed I don't know 50 million in
deposits which is for Bank small for
fintech large you had to have that and
now it's more oh 20 10 sometimes 10 yeah
yeah okay all right next one I want to
talk about I want to talk
about the uh rebound of fintex how that
intersects with treasury Prime I want to
talk about Ai and then and then a few
more detailed things but you've had a
lot of different you treasury Prime's
got a couple products you're connecting
fintex and Banks you're providing a
service for that right a platform a
Marketplace and more and a software
platform you've watched some of the
quality of fex deteriorate right it it
post 2021 but now it seems like it's
back more like it's it's back with the
Vengeance right on many levels so what's
what's the pulse check what are you
seeing across fintech and how is it like
impacting you at a product and customer
level yeah it's night and day so
December
2023 I went over I've do the end of the
year stuff you do I'm looking at all the
books and where we like we killed it and
where we face planted and I started just
modeling stuff and I'm like there's a
whole line of business we have which
actually either which generously breaks
even generously but in practice we lose
money on every deal right yeah and and I
looked at I looked at what's happening
in the industry I said this whole
industry is going to face PL at least
for the next six months maybe for the
whole year maybe longer what do I know
and so we made some hard decisions I
Rift I got rid of like a whole bunch of
wonderful people who like had done
nothing wrong it just that was the
market and that was right I didn't think
we close a single Bank in 2024 and we
closed one at the end of the year and
that was good but since then I can tell
you there's multiple banks in play
everyone wants to stuff and they want it
partly because the fintech side is back
there's like people with interesting
ideas there's established companies some
SAS companies who want to add banking
like they used to in the good old days
and it's just taking off and like part
of its capital is around but part of
also just there's been a big switch with
how to regulate it with there's a new
new US Administration they're like
changing how all the uh Regulators are
running and mostly the bankers are
feeling much more generous and able to
do things which they weren't feeling
like that last year I see it felt like
for the banks were at a huge walk away
especially from anything vaguely started
being fintech but you're now you're
saying they're back they want the
business they want the business they're
still yeah they're not they haven't
stopped being bankers and like yeah I
don't know any vertical SAS company in
particular vertical SAS is also quietly
on fire right Shopify toast procore all
crushing it I don't know a single
vertical Tas company that doesn't want
to add some type of banking or fintech
product right at a bare minimum they're
adding some sort of payroll but they're
also they want to add credit right they
want to add banking they want it is
every vertical sass wants to be the Erp
for its industry right whether it's
hairdressers or construction and
everyone's decided that banking's part
of that right you want Banking and
payments are part of that stack right
yeah there's a whole range here like
just doing Simple payments like you can
do that at Scales you couldn't never you
couldn't do before couldn't do 5 years
ago yeah very sticky for a lot of the
lot of B SAS customer the end users
right cuz they're like they get used to
it and they don't want to switch around
CU it's sticky product all the way up to
a full banking experience I want a bank
account I want to do some lending we
have three small as well compared to
procore small right construction
startups are all doing variance the same
thing they don't actually really compete
against each other but they all have
decided they're going to they added
payments and then they added bank
accounts and now at least two of them
have added lending since then and and I
could see them growing and they're just
growing steadily s companies do they go
up right that's great yeah Shopify pay
is Shopify is exploding at 11.2 billion
in Revenue exploding it's all Shopify
pay it's all it's always been to F deck
right for many years but managing that
stickiness of making the whole and and
Shopify does everything right to that
this is a pitch I give to all the time
but imagine to the Shopify user right
not you or I but like someone who's a
Merchant's starting that the store if I
get to say if I come to you shop said
look I can just do everything for you
including handling the money and
handling the payments and it'll just be
dead easy just click this button and
we're good to go and said wow why would
you do that because I want to be helpful
Shopify is all about making the merchant
successful but also I'm going to take a
few bits here there like a percent of a
percent just here and there yeah and you
won't even it's so small you won't even
notice but it's scale it's huge amounts
of money you have to be at scale but
they are it's huge huge yeah I really
don't think some folks notice it right
where the margins are very low and but
for the most part most of these vendors
are pretty successful in it's not just
hiding it in the it's just it's not
enough to matter right the value is so
much higher than the little bit of take
that they make right that it's at the
edge of free for for the End customer
sure Merchants would like gladly go
somewhere else it was even cheaper than
Shopify with a good product but frankly
even if they go somewhere else it's
probably not as good a product and
they're going to charge them basically
the same thing anywh maybe slightly more
so yeah why don't I need to stick with
the good one who's a good deal and can
do everything yeah and then let me just
oh let me tie it back to treasury Prime
and then for the last couple minutes
let's pull it back hide but the three
construction the three smaller Pro cores
that aren't direct competitors that came
to treasury Prime how did they come what
are they looking to do
uh in particular that they that they
needed you for where where's the
evolution of their product in terms of
the services where's the insertion point
what do they TR where do they need
banking as a service a banking API to do
what they want to do
sure all different flavors of this but
remodel one like the new home remodels
right so what you do is the custo it's a
SAS product the customer is not the
homeowner the customer is the general
contractor who's doing the remodel I
what they do is they say okay guy doing
the REM model you need to manage like
supplies you need to manage payroll you
need to manage payments in and out of it
you need some sort of card if you can go
to Home Depot and buy lumber or whatever
and need that to manage all that so if I
just give you a bank account then the
accounting becomes easy I can just move
money in and out the homeowner can get
an app that says here's how much you owe
here's what you need before the on the
next stage and it's all just laid out so
everyone can see it very convenient very
sticky SA product right but it couldn't
exist unless it was easy to open a bank
account so the treasury Prime stick is
it's easy you just do it they're like
people start out with they call me and I
have this very hard problem they have
all these tricks are going to solve say
or I tell them you could just open a
bank account and then you would have
access to a bank account and then you
could just put the money there and store
the money you don't have to do all these
oh I'm going to get this license here
become a payfac or whatever all these
inside things like don't doing that the
bank has figured all of this out 100
years ago yeah got it and so they need
to provision I should know this but I
don't they need then to
provision 100 accounts for 100 projects
for the general contractors or in that
Ed Case what do they repeatedly doing
here what are they flowing through the
system in the API the different ones
actually do a different one yeah creates
a bank account per project and the other
it's per user so per general contractor
but each case there's a separate Bank
you need a separate bank account to make
yeah right and it's a real bank account
and the thing is it's a bank account
that's owned by the general contractor
it's not owned by this the SAS company
that's software company and so it's a
comfort level for everyone and there the
contractor is happy because it's his
money it has his name on or their name
on it and the bank's happy because
there's an end user over there who they
can talk to if they if things go south
their money everyone's happy with it and
the banks always fantasize too that they
can they can do upsells or cross selles
other services and generally that
doesn't work because they're the end
user the contractor from this case
they're loyal to the SAS they're not Lo
to the bank they don't even know how the
bank is half the time
yeah where's Mercury I don't know I
don't no so here in the app you're
serving General Contractors these are
expensive important projects right and
so they can just go into the app they in
in a click or so can deploy a new bank
account for their customer that they own
it's their bank account right and the
customers just wire or however they or
transfer over the funds and it's all
done it's very sassy very elegantly
these accounts are provision app right
yeah yeah yeah and this is a very common
pattern throughout our thing like we
have a separate group of people who are
their investment accounts so angelist
sidecar sidew Wars syy dard Y and people
want to get to the to invest in
something they'll create an LLC they'll
create a bank account attached that LLC
they're all GPS basically their GPS nlps
and they'll put money into that bank
account and that money will sit there
until they're ready to do the investment
and so the capital call is like put
money into the account and then you you
you deploy it later and they open One
account basically per deal and that's
fine with me and the thing is kind of an
amazing thing for the banks is the banks
are in this for different reason than
the fintex the banks want deposits and
they want fees but really from I was
going to ask you how much of the banks
make off these types of transactions a
ton and like they they want deposits and
these investment things like the
angelist and side cars of the world you
might think oh there's no money there
cuz how often does money sit in the
saster investment accounts you make a
capital call you have to call them five
10 times and eventually they'll all show
up and then you'll you'll wire out your
million dollars or whatever it is I
always thought it didn't make much money
yeah but the funny thing is there's so
much of this and the money always sits
there for a couple three weeks
that an aggregate it's a billion it's a
billions of dollars in deposits and
that's real money and you know who could
and so the clients make yield on that
there's interest and they make some
money on that yeah but the banks also
make money on it and it's it's Shopify
it's a volume gain right yes if they can
get a billion dollars from a fintech or
a group of fintechs they can get half a
percent on that and that's real money
and then if they can double that's
double that money and then it's on top
of whatever fees they have and banks are
really good at using deposits to make
money because that's all they buy money
and they sell money they've been doing
it forever they're really good at it but
today it's hard to get deposits because
they're competing against all these
fintechs who are frankly better
marketers than they are always better
marketers as banks are yeah okay last or
or penultimate depending on how we go
question I want to get is hit me is AI
and obviously it's frankly all anybody's
interested in today to to extreme I it's
not the same but one there's only been
four SAS IPOs since 2021 so far there'll
be a lot more coming there's only been
four one was one stream which is a
platform for CFOs and they're about 600
million they I go to 500 million and it
was very interesting to me the founder
Co said and and that they're being very
cautious on AI the CFOs don't want it
they don't trust it they don't want any
hallucinations at the same time machine
learning and AI at a higher level has
been part of banking for a long time
right it fraud to if nothing else fraud
detection like we've been doing a lot of
the stuff we know comes out of early
fraud detection of how do you analyze
trillions of Fraud and trillions of
transactions there's been machine
learning in AI there since since I don't
know since the 60s probably right yeah
so what is AI in banking and banking is
a service day what do you what do people
want what can you do with it if nothing
is it banks are generally interested but
scared I don't know anyone who's using
anything at any interesting scale the
finex one the thing the banks are scared
about is that they're become a agents
which treat the banks as a commodity the
banks love this long-term relationship
with the end user right with the
consumer they really like that and what
if you just had an app that rebalanced
your bank accounts every day and there
was just your credit card just worked
magically to pull money from whatever it
found it needed to they terrified it's
easy to see that happening isn't it that
the agent optimizes everything for you
it seems obvious it's going to happen
right CU like people like me are
spending their whole lives like making
it I can tell you the biggest problem
that banks have always in these
day-to-day stuff is reconciliation and
that's on the deposit side and then on
the loan side it's determining what's a
good loan or not and risk eval that a
lot of machine learning on the risk side
and Loan side that's very tral the AI
stuff not a lot of traction like most of
they're like let's have a meeting but
they don't want to do anything and on
the Recon operational side there's not a
lot happening people are worried like
the CFOs are worried that if there's a
hallucination and it says oh
everything's fine but it's not fine yes
that's their job that's CEOs get fired
over stuff like that yeah for sure that
is interesting that agent should be able
to absolutely optimize how your money
works for you yeah it's an obvious use
case but one that is not necessarily in
the bank's interest so there's a the
Collision coming there if it hasn't
already started the one thing I'll tell
you one thing that AI could do but that
everyone does wrong in this stuff and
this agent stuff is no one can get
at this right on an after tax basis no
one can advise you but everything
matters after tax people recommend
things that are very tax inefficient ta
like it's just one example of optimize
my entire life I want it to be the
maximum tax efficiency I want this
amount of liquidity I want this amount
of access right no I don't even think a
human can do
that yeah at a practical level in theory
they can but for you as the home banking
yield Network for you can't get it all
right on after tax basis for 20 people
in your family there's too much going on
yeah there's too much going on and you
need to know stuff that basically no one
wants to tell
you yeah all right related to that last
question for treasury Prime what is
something coming out on the road map in
the next 12 months that you're excited
about what Innovations coming out that
you're excited about I just spend five
minutes dumping on it but we have an AI
product coming out like it's next
quarter from the time here what's going
to do tell me more about it that's all
we care about is AI what's the a product
going to do
it solves the operational problems that
we see every day like we still do a
significant amount of Professional
Services for the banks right and
sometimes we charge real numbers for
that and sometimes we do it for free
because that's just the deal and I can
tell you on our side we're like we're
smart and we're better at this than most
almost
everybody but it's not hard it's just
timec consuming and you can't make a
mistake we we have this model where
there's like a human trains it and then
there's multi AIS that watch each other
to make sure that you're satisfied with
it and then there's a manual check at
the end because the CFO operation of
doing like money movement and making
sure that all the accounts line up at
the end of the day is like
reconciliation but not that's it's timec
consuming and hard and person can do it
straightforward because even though it's
hard because of so many details that's
good at handing all these details is a
computer right and it just does that
stuff and so this new product is going
to use AI to supplement augment replace
humans doing some of this accounting at
the end of the day augment augment it
yeah for sure you still need I I don't
think I don't think they buy it and I
don't wouldn't want to sell it right now
where I would say you could just turn
off the lights and trust it because I
wouldn't turn off the lights and Trust
instead I would like but if someone says
this is a hard problem but I'm an expert
so it's straightforward I can do it in
six hours so it's what if you could do
it in 1 hour would that' be useful to
you yeah generally it is right got it
okay so using AI to take out a
significant amount of the human manual
headaches of accounts at the end of each
day right okay two and two final
questions on that so how to Banks to
conservative Banks what how you
describing this Pro how do you
communicate what you're doing to a real
world customer not someone that's on
social media sure sure operate it's like
we don't even and we only use AI as the
second thing we introduce it as an
operational tool okay it's a it's an
operational tool to help it's not Recon
that's not reflation it's an operation
to tool to help you manage your books
and man your account list and that is
something they go okay tell me more
about it we use AI to do XYZ and they're
like oh it's AI why didn't you tell me
in the beginning because when I tell you
in the beginning all you want to talk
about is AI you don't want to talk about
the problem and and actually for better
or worse I actually want you to buy the
thing and use the thing I don't want you
just to talk about it all right okay
last question here when you just cuz
it's when you talked about how much of
an expert the AI has to be right this is
an AI for experts for folks that know
this cold right yeah that's right and
could a third a horizontal thirdparty
agent do that on your platform or is
this one of the types of AIS that you've
got to own the data you've got to own
the system to win like the great debate
the startups versus the incumbents in
this little area you're an incumbent
right because you have 10 billion worth
of transactions on your platform yep so
was this your AI only work because you
are the the the first party repository
of this data yeah because it's not our
data it's the bank's data and the bank
we generate the data for the bank but
it's still the bank's data and so this
only works if the banks agree that they
can use the all the huge amounts of data
we provide them for this AI tool or for
this operation all right thanks my
friend and thanks for all the time and
uh we will we will catch up if nothing
else on AI and Banking and banking is a
service uh in 12 months yeah let's see
see where it goes all right thanks d